#6 add docs with example (#7)
teamneusta/pimcore-translation-migration-bundle: README.md

composer require teamneusta/pimcore-translation-migration-bundle
```

Add the bundle to your application. For example via the `Kernel.php`.

```shell
use Neusta\Pimcore\TranslationMigrationBundle\NeustaPimcoreTranslationMigrationBundle;
...
    public function registerBundlesToCollection(BundleCollection $collection)
    {
        ...
        $collection->addBundle(new NeustaPimcoreTranslationMigrationBundle());
    }

> ```

Reviewer: I think the default should be to [enable it via the `config/bundles.php`](https://symfony.com/doc/current/bundles.html).

Author: Jup, that's way better to take Symfony standard docs here

bin/console neusta:translations:migrate
```

> For an example usage look at [documentation](docs/index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example of how to use it, look at the [documentation](docs/index.md).
```
